Well, hello, Carlos, educational health and
this let's talk about two very things
important very cool also the
first playstation 3 games
when a playstation 4 is passed and what
avoid also and finally we won it already
that we have not touched the subject of whites 2
and there groso white community but not
who have worked relatively with this
of battlefield but there's good go
now with the first playstation
playstation that happened good in tokyo game
show was confirmed today that the
sony people will bring games of
playstation 3 I guess that will bring
one hundred percent or will suddenly carry a
50, but he's going to have all the
playstation 3 playstation 4 games and
also the game of avoids
when is it going to be when this is going to be
Well this is going to be in 2014
and this was this was confirmed on the day of
today the tokyo game show
bolivia that good even the gentleman
yoshida jetzabel confirmed that if the
guy who was going to cover many games
apart from playstation 3 also
remember that play games are coming
1 and play 2 and that's going to be very good
because good game of play 2 and that
I'll be able to play them in the cloud
through gaikai on playstation 4 yes
but I confirm first that it would come out in
2014 for North America so
I suppose North America would be Canada
united states and mexico we are going to see no
as vain but you know in 2014 many
three precision games are already going to be
and it's going to be for playstation 4
but I repeat it's going to be day
you're not going to put your record and I do not do that
will serve so you know now
come with the next news my
dear grandfather and it's over white
bagapsh as I say white two
come double points this weekend
for all the practicals of black ops 2
and because good and as it went on map
apocalypse for playstation people
ipc again celebrate points now
doubles and obviously the points dollars
for xbox pc platforms and
playstation 3 useful because because it
comes
at the end of lcd apocalypse after
three years for example this edition 3 and
pc but I think nobody is going to play
whites 2 because everyone is going to
be with grand theft auto is what I
I think but who knows maybe I
I messed up and half the notebook savored by
black ops 2 because I'm the best but
we will have to wait today also for
let them know that if you come later
streaming hello hello 3 10 04 mode
story so they are
warned and in passing to take advantage
this video
history we have to rescue cortana
I do not know how much I will miss for the final
but out there he is seeing me saying
little missing two more missions but
there you can leave your comments no
supposedly and rescues they cut already of
I suddenly finished the game and good and
and there is I think being like a
small streaming of the designer left by
a little one is the best remembering nothing
more I'm not going to play the campaign that 4
because I already juve it but let's see
how it goes and there's no box
comments so that you write and
tell me where you are staying so
boys I say goodbye fluxà the
favorite comments and today meters to the
next I hope I hope everything is fine and
Stream and spun three more
late a hug and see you until the
next because I want to rescue cut
so I got my banana and I sucked
all potassium a hug now yes and I
I go without putting it on facebook